vim-full: rename from vim_configurable (#204438)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/languages-frameworks/vim.section.md

- Vim packages (*recommended*)
- vim-plug (vim only)

> Two Vim packages are provided: use `vim` if you want something small,
> use `vim-full` if you want features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right now two Vim packages are available: `vim` which has most features that require extra dependencies disabled and `vim-full` that has them enabled.
```

> ::: {.note}
> `vim_configurable` is an alias for `vim-full` and refers to the fact that its
> build-time features are configurable. It has nothing to do with user configuration,
> and both the `vim` and `vim-full` packages can be customized as explained in the next section.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: {.note}
`vim_configurable` is a deprecated alias for `vim-full` and refers to the fact that its
build-time features are configurable. It has nothing to do with user configuration,
and both the `vim` and `vim-full` packages can be customized as explained in the next section.
:::
```
